bit earlier we were talking about the US
National Security adviser Jake Sullivan
and what he's been saying he told CBS
news that Israel has obligations under
international law let's have a
listen we have seen thousands of
Palestinian civilians killed in this
conflict that that is a tragedy each and
every one of those individual deaths is
a tragedy and that the life of every
civilian Palestinian Israeli anyone is
sacred and has to be protected and it is
important for Israel to distinguish
between going after terrorist targets to
take out terrorists who continue to
threaten Israel and going after
civilians that is an obligation and a
responsibility for Israel and it's
something that we will continue to press
them on Let's cross live now to
Washington DC Rob Reynolds is standing
by and Rob tell us what more he had to
say well uh Jake Sullivan also indicated
that President Biden would be uh on the
phone speaking to prime minister
Netanyahu later today the president's
also expected to talk to Regional
leaders uh although Sullivan didn't
specify which leaders uh he would be uh
talking to for discussions that would at
least in part involve the some 600 or so
uh US citizens who are currently trapped
under the bombing in Gaza and uh uh he
said that the administ a is committed to
getting those people out if they want to
leave now a lot of discussion here in
the past hour about uh Israel's
obligations under na international law
and whether uh International pressure
could be brought to bear certainly uh if
it's true that the administration as
Sullivan has been saying is trying to uh
thread this needle between giving Israel
the leeway that it wants to attack Hamas
and on the other side urging Israel
trying to persuade Israel not to
excessively uh Target civilians or to uh
cause civilian casualties um that might
be something that comes up in these
discussions uh later today but really
when one talks about international law
where is the International legal police
force who enforces international law
it's really not a a that kind of a law
it's it's an entirely different law that
involves uh International public
perception and public pressure uh there
have been of course as we've noted uh
demonstrations popular demonstrations in
many places around Europe the Middle
East and even here in the United States
but uh all of that does not uh amount to
the kind of
intervention uh that some people are
calling for by on the part of the
International Community uh against
Israel I don't know exactly what sort of
intervention that that would be uh
certainly not military and it's
certainly very unlikely that the United
States is going to cut off the supply of
Munitions or the billions of dollars
that it uh provides to Israel yearly all
right Rob thanks for that update Rob
Reynolds there at Washington
DC